axis: real(3), “0 0 1”
    This attribute specifies the axis of rotation for hinge joints and the direction of translation for slide joints.
    It is ignored for free and ball joints. The vector specified here is automatically normalized to unit length as long as
    its length is greater than 10E-14; otherwise a compile error is generated.


body/ joint (*)
    This element creates a joint. As explained in Kinematic tree, a joint creates motion degrees of freedom between the
    body where it is defined and the body’s parent. If multiple joints are defined in the same body, the corresponding
    spatial transformations (of the body frame relative to the parent frame) are applied in order. If no joints are defined,
    the body is welded to its parent. Joints cannot be defined in the world body. At runtime the positions and orientations
    of all joints defined in the model are stored in the vector mjData.qpos, in the order in which the appear in the
    kinematic tree. The linear and angular velocities are stored in the vector mjData.qvel. These two vectors have different
    dimensionality when free or ball joints are used, because such joints represent rotations as unit quaternions.

name: string, optional
Name of the joint.

class: string, optional
    Defaults class for setting unspecified attributes.

type: [free, ball, slide, hinge], “hinge”
    Type of the joint. The keywords have the following meaning: The free type creates a free “joint” with three
    translational degrees of freedom followed by three rotational degrees of freedom. In other words it makes the
    body floating. The rotation is represented as a unit quaternion. This joint type is only allowed in bodies
    that are children of the world body. No other joints can be defined in the body if a free joint is defined.
    Unlike the remaining joint types, free joints do not have a position within the body frame. Instead the joint
    position is assumed to coincide with the center of the body frame. Thus at runtime the position and orientation
    data of the free joint correspond to the global position and orientation of the body frame. Free joints cannot
    have limits.

    The ball type creates a ball joint with three rotational degrees of freedom. The rotation is represented as a unit
    quaternion. The quaternion (1,0,0,0) corresponds to the initial configuration in which the model is defined.
    Any other quaternion is interpreted as a 3D rotation relative to this initial configuration. The rotation is
    around the point defined by the pos attribute below. If a body has a ball joint, it cannot have other rotational
    joints (ball or hinge). Combining ball joints with slide joints in the same body is allowed.

    The slide type creates a sliding or prismatic joint with one translational degree of freedom. Such joints are
    defined by a position and a sliding direction. For simulation purposes only the direction is needed; the joint
    position is used for rendering purposes.

    The hinge type creates a hinge joint with one rotational degree of freedom. The rotation takes place around a
    specified axis through a specified position. This is the most common type of joint and is therefore the default.
    Most models contact only hinge and free joints.